Updates README with svg icons and syntax highlight (#28)
escaped/django-inline-actions: README.md

## Integration

Add the `InlineActionsModelAdminMixin` to your `ModelAdmin`.
If you want to have actions on your inlines, add the `InlineActionsMixin` to your `InlineModelsAdmin`.

> Each action is implemented as a method on the `ModelAdmin`/`InlineModelsAdmin` and **must have** the following signature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to have actions on your inlines, add the `InlineActionsMixin` to your `InlineModelAdmin`.
Each action is implemented as a method on the `ModelAdmin`/`InlineModelAdmin` and **must have** the following signature.
```

Thanks for fixing the typo, but the inline admin mixin is still called [`InlineModel`](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.0/ref/contrib/admin/#django.contrib.admin.InlineModelAdmin).

> If you want to have actions on your inlines, add the `InlineActionMixin` to your `InlineModelAdmin`.

Reviewer 2: If you can please fix `InlineActionMixin`, it's `InlineActionsMixin` with a `s`.
